Support withChecks context (#231)
jenkinsci/junit-plugin: README.md

junit skipPublishingChecks: true, testResults: 'test-results.xml'
```

> The plugin will use a checks name provided by a `withChecks` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin will default to using the stage name or branch of a parallel step for the checks name, if those aren't present 'Tests' will be used, the name can be overridden by a `withChecks` step.
```

```groovy
withChecks('Integration Tests') {
  junit 'test-results.xml'
}
```

> In order to provide a custom check name, set the property `checksName`:

Reviewer: I think we can make this undocumented now and recommend `withChecks`?
